1) Why is AWS more economical than traditional data centers for applications with varying compute
workloads?
A) Amazon EC2 costs are billed on a monthly basis.
B) Users retain full administrative access to their Amazon EC2 instances.
C) Amazon EC2 instances can be launched on demand when needed.
D) Users can permanently run enough instances to handle peak workloads.

2) Which AWS service would simplify the migration of a database to AWS?
A) AWS Storage Gateway
B) AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)
C) Amazon EC2
D) Amazon AppStream 2.0

3) Which AWS offering enables users to find, buy, and immediately start using software solutions in their
AWS environment?
A) AWS Config
B) AWS OpsWorks
C) AWS SDK
D) AWS Marketplace

4) Which AWS networking service enables a company to create a virtual network within AWS?
A) AWS Config
B) Amazon Route 53
C) AWS Direct Connect
D) Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)

5) Which of the following is an AWS responsibility under the AWS shared responsibility model?
A) Configuring third-party applications
B) Maintaining physical hardware
C) Securing application access and data
D) Managing guest operating systems

6) Which component of the AWS global infrastructure does Amazon CloudFront use to ensure low-latency
delivery?
A) AWS Regions
B) Edge locations
C) Availability Zones
D) Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)

7) How would a system administrator add an additional layer of login security to a user's AWS
Management Console?
A) Use Amazon Cloud Directory
B) Audit AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) roles
C) Enable multi-factor authentication
D) Enable AWS CloudTrail

8) Which service can identify the user that made the API call when an Amazon EC2 instance is
terminated?
A) AWS Trusted Advisor
B) AWS CloudTrail
C) AWS X-Ray
D) AWS Identity and Access Management (AWS IAM)

9) Which service would be used to send alerts based on Amazon CloudWatch alarms?
A) Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
B) AWS CloudTrail
C) AWS Trusted Advisor
D) Amazon Route 53

10) Where can a user find information about prohibited actions on the AWS infrastructure?
A) AWS Trusted Advisor
B) AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
C) AWS Billing Console
D) AWS Acceptable Use Policy

11) What advantages does a database administrator obtain by using the Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS)?
A. RDS provides 99.99999999999% reliability and durability
B. RDS databases automatically scale based on load
C. RDS enables users to dynamically adjust CPU and RAM resources
D. RDS simplifies relational database administration tasks

12) A large company is interested in avoiding long-term contracts and moving from fixed costs to variable costs. What is the value proposition of AWS for this company?
A. Economies of scale
B. Pay-as-you-go pricing
C. Volume pricing discounts
D. Automated cost optimization

13) A customer needs to determine Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) for a workload that requires physical isolation. Which hosting model should be used?
A. Dedicated Hosts
B. Reserved Instances
C. On-Demand Instances
D. Spot Instances

14) Which design principles are enabled by the AWS Cloud to improve the operation of workloads? (Select TWO)
A. Minimize platform design
B. Loose coupling
C. Customized hardware
D. Remove single points of failure
E. Minimum viable product
15) A user is planning to launch three EC2 instances behind a single Elastic Load Balancer. The deployment should be highly available.
A. Launch the instances across multiple Availability Zones in a single AWS Region.
B. Launch the instances as EC2 Spot Instances in the same AWS Region and the same Availability Zone.
C. Launch the instances in multiple AWS Regions, and use Elastic IP addresses.
D. Launch the instances as EC2 Reserved Instances in the same AWS Region, but in different Availability Zones.




https://github.com/alldsouz/AWS.git

git init
git add README.md
git commit -m "first commit"
git branch -M main
git remote add origin https://github.com/alldsouz/AWS.git
git push -u origin main


